change wordings mainly from AWS landing zone to OCIO Landing zone (#19)
bcgov/public-cloud-techdocs: docs/bc-govs-aws-landing-zone-overview.md

2. **Streamlined development process**: It helps ministry teams concentrate on developing applications instead of managing foundational infrastructure by automating various aspects of the cloud environment setup. This boosts the speed of government application development

3. **Customizable and scalable architecture**: It gives you the freedom to customize the cloud architecture for your project, supporting a variety of applications. Whether you're working on small projects or large, complex applications, it adapts to meet your needs

4. **Operational consistency and governance**: By using OCIO's landing zone, all ministry teams adopt a uniform approach to cloud infrastructure, ensuring consistency. This uniformity is vital for upholding operational standards and governance, which are crucial for government operations

5. **Long-term management and evolution**: This tool not only helps deploy applications initially but also aids in their ongoing management and evolution. This feature is crucial for government applications, which frequently need updates and adjustments to align with changing policy requirements and citizen needs

> 6. **Leveraging cutting-egde capabilities in public cloud**: When ministry teams build in public cloud, they can tap into a wide range of services and capabilities, spanning from advanced analytics to AI and machine learning tools. This integration has the potential to greatly boost the functionality and reach of government applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Leveraging cutting-egde capabilities in the public cloud**: When ministry teams build in public cloud, they can tap into a wide range of services and capabilities, spanning from advanced analytics to AI and machine learning tools. This integration has the potential to greatly boost the functionality and reach of government applications
```

> For B.C. government ministry teams developing applications in the AWS Public Cloud, the OCIOlanding zone provides a secure, compliant, and efficient pathway. This facilitates the creation of innovative and responsive applications that effectively serve the public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For B.C. government ministry teams developing applications in the AWS Public Cloud, the OCIO landing zone provides a secure, compliant, and efficient pathway. This facilitates the creation of innovative and responsive applications that effectively serve the public.
```
